---
title: Partner with indirect providers in CSP | Partner Center
description: "As an indirect reseller in CSP, you work with indirect providers (also known as distributors) who have a direct relationship with Microsoft and can provide customer support and billing. This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success. In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers."
ms.prod: 
author: MaggiePucciEvans
ms.openlocfilehash: 2b2b8fc3a58a3ff67c1a96558df49a594fe8e74f
ms.sourcegitcommit: e79f756c7203751b8fd6ad26883a0568c91a6c8b
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: es-ES
ms.lasthandoff: 08/16/2017
---
# <a name="partner-with-indirect-providers-in-the-cloud-solution-provider-program"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-105">Partner with indirect providers in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-105">Partner with indirect providers in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-106">The rapidly growing demand for cloud-based solutions and services provides many opportunities for Microsoft partners of all sizes to build profitable cloud solution businesses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-106">The rapidly growing demand for cloud-based solutions and services provides many opportunities for Microsoft partners of all sizes to build profitable cloud solution businesses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-107">Los partners que estén listos para acceder al mercado, pero que no quieran administrar varios proveedores o que no tengan implementada una infraestructura de administración de relación con los clientes completa pueden inscribirse en el programa de Proveedor de soluciones en la nube (CSP) de Microsoft como revendedores indirectos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-107">Partners who are ready to enter the market, but who don't want to have to manage multiple vendors, or who may not have an end-to-end customer relationship management infrastructure in place, can enroll in Microsoft’s Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program as indirect resellers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-108">Como revendedor indirecto en CSP, trabajarás con proveedores indirectos (también conocidos como distribuidores) que tienen una relación directa con Microsoft y pueden proporcionarte soporte técnico al cliente y facturación.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-108">As an indirect reseller in CSP, you work with indirect providers (also known as distributors) who have a direct relationship with Microsoft and can provide you with customer support and billing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-109">This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-109">This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-110">In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-110">In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-111">Different indirect providers offer different support and services, so you should evaluate the providers in your area to determine which ones best meet your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-111">Different indirect providers offer different support and services, so you should evaluate the providers in your area to determine which ones best meet your needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-112">Generally, most providers will:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-112">Generally, most providers will:</span></span> 

-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-113">Proporcionarte formación y asistencia técnicas</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-113">Provide you with technical training and assistance</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-114">Ayuda para comercializar tus productos y servicios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-114">Help you market your products and services</span></span> 
-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-115">Ayuda para establecer los términos de financiación y crédito</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-115">Help you establish financing and credit terms</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-116">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-116">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-117">Para obtener más información sobre lo que se requiere para vender en el programa CSP como revendedor indirecto, consulta [Comenzar a trabajar como revendedor indirecto](https://partner.microsoft.com/cloud-solution-provider/whats-required) en el [sitio web de Microsoft Partner Network](https://partner.microsoft.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-117">For more information about what’s required to sell in the CSP program as an indirect reseller, see [Get started as an indirect reseller](https://partner.microsoft.com/cloud-solution-provider/whats-required) on the [Microsoft Partner Network website](https://partner.microsoft.com/).</span></span> 


## <a name="enroll-as-an-indirect-reseller-in-the-cloud-solution-provider-program"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-118">Inscribirse como revendedor indirecto en el programa de Proveedor de soluciones en la nube</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-118">Enroll as an indirect reseller in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span></span>

><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-119">**Note**  If you are already enrolled in CSP, you may need to provide only customer support contact information to create a reseller account on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-119">**Note**  If you are already enrolled in CSP, you may need to provide only customer support contact information to create a reseller account on Partner Center.</span></span> 

### <a name="before-you-begin"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-120">Before you begin</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-120">Before you begin</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-121">If you are new to CSP, you’ll need to enroll in the program as an indirect reseller and create an account on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-121">If you are new to CSP, you’ll need to enroll in the program as an indirect reseller and create an account on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-122">To do so, you’ll need to provide the following information during the enrollment process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-122">To do so, you’ll need to provide the following information during the enrollment process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-123">You may want to take a few minutes to gather these items before you get started:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-123">You may want to take a few minutes to gather these items before you get started:</span></span>

-   **<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-124">Credenciales de administrador global para tu cuenta profesional</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-124">Global administrator credentials for your work account</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-125">Tendrás que proporcionar el nombre de usuario y la contraseña que usas para iniciar sesión en Office 365, Microsoft Azure o Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-125">You’ll need to provide the user name and password you use to sign into Office 365, Microsoft Azure, or Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-126">Si no tienes una cuenta profesional, podrás crear una durante el proceso de inscripción.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-126">If you don’t have a work account, you can create one during the enrollment process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-127">Si no sabes si ya tienes una cuenta profesional, consulta [Cuentas profesionales y el Centro de partners](azure-active-directory-tenants-and-partner-center.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-127">If you don’t know whether you already have a work account, see [Work accounts and Partner Center](azure-active-directory-tenants-and-partner-center.md).</span></span>


-   **<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-128">El nombre de usuario y la contraseña que uses para iniciar sesión en el sitio del Partner Membership Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-128">The user name and password you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center site</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-129">We use this information to link your organization's Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and data in Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-129">We use this information to link your organization's Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and data in Partner Center.</span></span>

-   **<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-130">Your organization’s legal business name, address, primary contact, and support details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-130">Your organization’s legal business name, address, primary contact, and support details</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-131">We need this information to confirm that your organization has an established profile with Microsoft and that you are authorized to act on its behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-131">We need this information to confirm that your organization has an established profile with Microsoft and that you are authorized to act on its behalf.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-132">Please note that it can take us several days to review and verify the information you’ve provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-132">Please note that it can take us several days to review and verify the information you’ve provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-133">We’ll email your primary contact when we’ve completed our review.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-133">We’ll email your primary contact when we’ve completed our review.</span></span>

### <a name="get-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-134">Get started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-134">Get started</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-135">Kick off the enrollment process [here](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/pcv/register/joinnow/enrollmentwelcome/valueaddedreseller).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-135">Kick off the enrollment process [here](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/pcv/register/joinnow/enrollmentwelcome/valueaddedreseller).</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-136">Revisa la página de **bienvenida** para asegurarte de que tienes la información que necesitas para inscribirte y a continuación selecciona **Siguiente**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-136">Review the **Welcome** page to be sure you have the information you need to enroll, and then select **Next**.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-137">Inicia sesión con tu cuenta profesional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-137">Sign in with your work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-138">Selecciona **Iniciar sesión** y luego escribe el nombre de usuario y la contraseña que usas para iniciar sesión como administrador global para Office 365, Microsoft Azure o Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-138">Select **Sign in** and then enter the user name and password you use to sign in as a global admin for Office 365, Microsoft Azure, or Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-139">Si no tienes una cuenta profesional, selecciona **Crear una** para configurar una ahora.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-139">If you don't have a work account, select **Create one** to set one up now.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-140">Tras crear tu cuenta profesional, inicia sesión con las credenciales de administrador global de tu nueva cuenta.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-140">After creating your work account, sign in using the global admin credentials for your new account.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-141">Revisa la información sobre cómo asociar tu Id. de Microsoft Partner Network (Id. de MPN) con la nueva cuenta del Centro de partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-141">Review the information about how to associate your Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-142">We need to link your organization's MPN ID with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and incentives on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-142">We need to link your organization's MPN ID with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and incentives on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-143">Select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-143">Select **Sign in**.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-144">Enter the user name you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center (PMC) site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-144">Enter the user name you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center (PMC) site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-145">The Partner Membership Center site is where you currently manage your Microsoft partner account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-145">The Partner Membership Center site is where you currently manage your Microsoft partner account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-146">Signing in to Partner Membership Center allows us to retrieve your MPN ID and associate it to your new Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-146">Signing in to Partner Membership Center allows us to retrieve your MPN ID and associate it to your new Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-147">Select **Next**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-147">Select **Next**.</span></span> 

6.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-148">Enter the password for your Partner Membership Center account and then select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-148">Enter the password for your Partner Membership Center account and then select **Sign in**.</span></span>

7.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-149">Select the organization profile with the MPN ID that’s linked to your incentives, membership benefits, and competencies so we can move this information to your Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-149">Select the organization profile with the MPN ID that’s linked to your incentives, membership benefits, and competencies so we can move this information to your Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-150">Select **Continue**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-150">Select **Continue**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-151">If the MPN ID you want to use is not listed on this page, select **Cancel** and sign in again with the user name and password for the organization profile you want to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-151">If the MPN ID you want to use is not listed on this page, select **Cancel** and sign in again with the user name and password for the organization profile you want to use.</span></span> 

    ><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-152">**Important**  Select the MPN ID associated with an active organization profile that’s located in the same country/region as your Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-152">**Important**  Select the MPN ID associated with an active organization profile that’s located in the same country/region as your Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

8.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-153">Provide or update your organization’s legal business profile, primary contact information, and customer support information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-153">Provide or update your organization’s legal business profile, primary contact information, and customer support information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-154">Select **Enroll now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-154">Select **Enroll now**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-155">The primary contact should be the person in your organization we can contact about your application (this can be you or another person in your organization).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-155">The primary contact should be the person in your organization we can contact about your application (this can be you or another person in your organization).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-156">Ten en cuenta que no aceptamos direcciones de correo electrónico de servicios de correo electrónico basados en la Web, como Gmail, Yahoo!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-156">Please note that we don’t accept email addresses from Web-based email services such as Gmail, Yahoo!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-157">Mail, iCloud Mail, AOL Mail o Correo de Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-157">Mail, iCloud Mail, AOL Mail, or Outlook Mail.</span></span> 

    ><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-158">**Important** To help ensure your organization’s security and privacy, we’ll email your primary contact to verify that (1) he or she signed up for a Partner Center account, and (2) that this email address belongs to your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-158">**Important** To help ensure your organization’s security and privacy, we’ll email your primary contact to verify that (1) he or she signed up for a Partner Center account, and (2) that this email address belongs to your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-159">After the primary contact verifies his or her email address, we’ll continue our review of the information you provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-159">After the primary contact verifies his or her email address, we’ll continue our review of the information you provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-160">We’ll email enrollment status updates to the primary contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-160">We’ll email enrollment status updates to the primary contact.</span></span>

9.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-161">When your Partner Center account is ready to use, verify that you’ve been added to the admin agent group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-161">When your Partner Center account is ready to use, verify that you’ve been added to the admin agent group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-162">To finish setting up your account, including adding other users, you must have admin agent permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-162">To finish setting up your account, including adding other users, you must have admin agent permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-163">Follow these steps to view or update your permissions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-163">Follow these steps to view or update your permissions:</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-164">a.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-164">a.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-165">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management** and select your name from the users list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-165">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management** and select your name from the users list.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-166">b.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-166">b.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-167">Selecciona **Agente de administración** si aún no está seleccionado y a continuación selecciona **Actualización**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-167">Select **Admin agent** if it’s not already selected and then select **Update**.</span></span>   

## <a name="add-a-new-user"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-168">Agregar un nuevo usuario</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-168">Add a new user</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-169">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-169">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management**.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-170">Select **Add user**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-170">Select **Add user**.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-171">Enter the user’s full name and unique email address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-171">Enter the user’s full name and unique email address.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-172">Select the type of agent and the type of admin.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-172">Select the type of agent and the type of admin.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-173">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize the user's view to show only the features the user needs to complete specific tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-173">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize the user's view to show only the features the user needs to complete specific tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-174">For more information about what each role can do, see [Assign user permissions](#assignuserpermissions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-174">For more information about what each role can do, see [Assign user permissions](#assignuserpermissions).</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-175">Select **Add** to create the user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-175">Select **Add** to create the user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-176">Confirm the user's details on the next page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-176">Confirm the user's details on the next page.</span></span>


>**<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-177">Important</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-177">Important</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-178">Make a note of the new user's sign-in information displayed on this page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-178">Make a note of the new user's sign-in information displayed on this page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-179">Be sure to copy and send this information to the new user as you will not be able to access it again later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-179">Be sure to copy and send this information to the new user as you will not be able to access it again later.</span></span> <br>

><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-180">The user will need to sign in to Partner Center with their user name and temporary password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-180">The user will need to sign in to Partner Center with their user name and temporary password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-181">Cuando el usuario inicie sesión en el Centro de partners por primera vez, se le pedirá cambiar la contraseña.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-181">When the user signs in to Partner Center for the first time, they are prompted to change their password.</span></span>        

## <a name="assign-user-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-182">Asignar permisos de usuario</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-182">Assign user permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-183">El acceso al Centro de partners se basa en roles, por lo que puedes asignar permisos para personalizar la vista del usuario y mostrar solo las características que el usuario necesite para completar tareas específicas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-183">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize your organization's users' view to show only the features they need to complete specific tasks.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-184">Para cada usuario debes seleccionar dos niveles de permiso o seleccionar **no es un administrador** o **no un agente**:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-184">For each user, you must select two permission levels or select **not an admin** or **not an agent**:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-185">Los permisos de agente controlan qué tipo de datos de cliente y de información de la cuenta puede ver y cambiar el usuario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-185">Agent permissions control what kind of customer data and account information the user can see and change.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-186">Los permisos de administrador controlan el nivel de acceso que el usuario tiene a las características del Centro de partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-186">Admin permissions control the level of access the user has to Partner Center features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-187">Esta configuración influye fuera del Centro de partners: un administrador de facturación puede acceder a todas las cuentas de usuario y cuentas de cliente más allá de CSP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-187">This setting has impact outside of Partner Center --  a global admin can access user accounts and customer accounts beyond CSP.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-188">La siguiente tabla explica lo que puede hacer cada rol en el Centro de partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-188">The following table explains what each role can do in Partner Center.</span></span>

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-189">Role in Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-189">Role in Partner Center</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-190">What they can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-190">What they can do</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-191">What they can't do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-191">What they can't do</span></span></strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-192">Agente de administración</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-192">Admin agent</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-193">Estado del servicio y solicitudes de servicio para clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-193">Service health and service requests for customers</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-194">Solicitar privilegios de administrador delegado</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-194">Request delegated administrator privileges</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-195">Administrar en nombre de un cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-195">Administer on behalf of a customer</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-196">Administración de usuarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-196">User management</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-197">Solicitudes de servicio para el Centro de partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-197">Service requests for Partner Center</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-198">Agente del departamento de soporte técnico</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-198">Helpdesk agent</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-199">Buscar y ver un cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-199">Search for and view a customer</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-200">Estado del servicio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-200">Service health</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-201">Request support on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-201">Request support on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-202">Manage subscriptions and services on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-202">Manage subscriptions and services on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-203">Ver perfiles de partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-203">View partner profiles</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-204">Solicitar una relación con un cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-204">Request a relationship with a customer</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-205">Administrar clientes potenciales</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-205">Manage customer leads</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-206">Administrador global</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-206">Global admin</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-207">Can access all Microsoft account/services with full privileges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-207">Can access all Microsoft account/services with full privileges</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-208">Crear incidencias de soporte técnico para el Centro de partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-208">Create support tickets for Partner Center</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-209">Ver, crear y administrar los usuarios de partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-209">View, create, and manage partner users</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-210">Aceptar una solicitud de asociación de un proveedor indirecto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-210">Accept a partnership request from an indirect provider</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-211">Administrador de administración de usuarios</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-211">User management admin</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-212">View, create, and manage users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-212">View, create, and manage users</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-213">Ver todos los perfiles de partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-213">View all partner profiles</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <a name="connect-with-an-indirect-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-214">Conectar con un proveedor indirecto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-214">Connect with an indirect provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-215">Trabajar con un proveedor indirecto te permite ofrecer a los clientes una selección más amplia de servicios y soluciones en la nube de Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-215">Working with an indirect provider allows you to offer a broader selection of Microsoft’s cloud-based services and solutions to your customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-216">Los proveedores indirectos cuentan con los sistemas y las infraestructuras para proporcionar un nivel sólido de facturación y soporte para que tú puedas centrarte en las soluciones de tecnología y la interacción con el cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-216">Indirect providers have the systems and infrastructure in place to provide you with a robust level of billing and support, so you can focus on your technology solutions and customer engagements.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-217">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-217">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-218">When you find a provider you want to partner with, contact them directly to discuss their reseller programs, level of support, and terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-218">When you find a provider you want to partner with, contact them directly to discuss their reseller programs, level of support, and terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-219">If both you and the provider want to work together, you’ll need to connect your accounts on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-219">If both you and the provider want to work together, you’ll need to connect your accounts on Partner Center.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-220">If an indirect provider wants to connect with you on Partner Center, they’ll kick off the following workflow:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-220">If an indirect provider wants to connect with you on Partner Center, they’ll kick off the following workflow:</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-221">The indirect provider emails you an invitation to authorize them to be your indirect provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-221">The indirect provider emails you an invitation to authorize them to be your indirect provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-222">The email includes a link to Partner Center and will associate your account to the provider’s account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-222">The email includes a link to Partner Center and will associate your account to the provider’s account.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-223">To accept the invitation, follow the link in the provider’s email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-223">To accept the invitation, follow the link in the provider’s email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-224">You may need to sign in to Partner Center again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-224">You may need to sign in to Partner Center again.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-225">To confirm the partnership with the provider, check the box and then select **Authorize indirect provider**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-225">To confirm the partnership with the provider, check the box and then select **Authorize indirect provider**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-226">The provider is now listed on your **Indirect providers** page and your company is now listed on the provider's **Indirect resellers** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-226">The provider is now listed on your **Indirect providers** page and your company is now listed on the provider's **Indirect resellers** page.</span></span>

    ><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-227">**Note**  When you establish a partnership with an indirect provider, you’re authorizing them to submit orders and add subscriptions on behalf of your customers, and you’re granting them administrator access to your Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-227">**Note**  When you establish a partnership with an indirect provider, you’re authorizing them to submit orders and add subscriptions on behalf of your customers, and you’re granting them administrator access to your Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-228">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard** menu to see a list of the providers you have a partnership with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-228">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard** menu to see a list of the providers you have a partnership with.</span></span> 

5.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-229">Selecciona **Ver clientes** para ver una lista de los clientes que compartes con el proveedor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-229">Select **View customers** to see a list of the customers you and the provider share.</span></span>

6.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-230">Selecciona **Invitar a nuevos clientes** para pedir a un nuevo cliente que autorice relaciones de revendedor contigo y con tu proveedor indirecto a la vez.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-230">Select **Invite new customers** to ask a new customer to authorize reseller relationships with both you and your indirect provider at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-231">Asegúrate de tener a mano la dirección de correo electrónico del cliente para enviarle la invitación por correo electrónico.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-231">Be sure to have the customer’s email address on hand so you can email the invitation to them.</span></span>  

    ><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-232">**Important**  Your indirect provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customers to submit orders on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-232">**Important**  Your indirect provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customers to submit orders on their behalf.</span></span> 
 
## <a name="connect-with-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-233">Conectar con clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-233">Connect with customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-234">Para realizar transacciones con clientes en el Centro de partners, tus clientes deben tener cuentas del Centro de partners y tú debes establecer relaciones de revendedor con ellos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-234">To transact with customers on Partner Center, your customers must have Partner Center accounts and you must establish reseller relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-235">Para permitir que tu proveedor indirecto compre suscripciones y servicios en nombre de tus clientes, dicho proveedor indirecto también debe tener relaciones de revendedor con tus clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-235">To allow your indirect provider to purchase subscriptions and services on your customers' behalf, the provider must also have reseller relationships with your customers.</span></span> 

### <a name="connect-with-existing-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-236">Conectar con clientes existentes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-236">Connect with existing customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-237">Los clientes con los que ya realices transacciones a través de otros portales, como el Centro de administración de partners de Office 365 o el portal de administración de Microsoft Azure, aparecerán en la lista de clientes del Centro de partners después inscribirlos correctamente como revendedores indirectos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-237">Customers that you already transact with through other portals, such as the Office 365 partner admin center or the Microsoft Azure admin portal, will appear in your customer list on Partner Center after you successfully enroll as an indirect reseller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-238">Selecciona **Panel** y luego **clientes** para ver la lista de clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-238">Select **Dashboard** and then **Customers** to see your customer list.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-239">Si en la lista de clientes falta alguno de tus clientes existentes, puede que debas establecer relaciones de revendedor con él.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-239">If any of your existing customers are missing from your customer list, you may need to establish reseller relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-240">Para ello, envíale por correo electrónico una invitación para conectarse contigo en el Centro de partners, tal como se describe a continuación.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-240">To do so, you email them an invitation to connect with you on Partner Center, as described below.</span></span>

#### <a name="invite-a-customer-to-establish-a-reseller-relationship-with-you"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-241">Invitar a un cliente a establecer una relación de revendedor contigo</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-241">Invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with you</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-242">Select **Customers** from your **Dashboard** menu and then select **Request a reseller relationship**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-242">Select **Customers** from your **Dashboard** menu and then select **Request a reseller relationship**.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-243">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-243">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-244">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-244">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-245">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-245">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to your account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-246">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-246">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-247">Envía el correo electrónico a tu cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-247">Send the email to your customer.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-248">Una vez que el cliente acepte tu invitación, aparecerá en la página **Clientes** y podrás administrar sus suscripciones y su servicio desde allí.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-248">After the customer accepts your invitation, they'll appear on your **Customers** page and you'll be able to manage the their subscriptions and service from there.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-249">Para administrar la cuenta, los servicios, los usuarios y las licencias del cliente, expande su registro del cliente seleccionando la flecha abajo situada junto a su nombre.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-249">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span></span>


### <a name="connect-with-new-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-250">Conectar con nuevos clientes</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-250">Connect with new customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-251">Cuanto atraigas a nuevos clientes, deberás conectar con ellos en el Centro de partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-251">When you attract new customers, you’ll need to connect with them on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-252">You may get new customers through multiple channels, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-252">You may get new customers through multiple channels, including:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-253">Your own marketing activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-253">Your own marketing activities</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-254">Microsoft referrals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-254">Microsoft referrals</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-255">Indirect providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-255">Indirect providers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-256">To manage a customer’s subscriptions and services on their behalf, you need to have a reseller relationship with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-256">To manage a customer’s subscriptions and services on their behalf, you need to have a reseller relationship with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-257">Para permitir que tu proveedor indirecto envíe pedidos en nombre de tu cliente, dicho proveedor indirecto también debe tener una relación de revendedor con él.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-257">To allow your indirect provider to submit orders on your customer’s behalf, the indirect provider must also have a reseller relationship with them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-258">Para obtener permisos de administrador para administrar las suscripciones y los servicios de un cliente nuevo **y** permitir que tu proveedor indirecto envíe nuevos pedidos en su nombre, puedes invitar al cliente a que establezca una relación de revendedor contigo y con tu proveedor a la vez.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-258">To get administrator permissions to manage a new customer’s subscriptions and services **and** allow your indirect provider to submit new orders on their behalf, you can invite the customer to establish a reseller relationship with both you and your provider at the same time.</span></span> 

#### <a name="invite-a-customer-to-establish-a-reseller-relationship-with-you-and-with-your-indirect-provider-at-the-same-time"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-259">Invitar a un cliente a establecer una relación de revendedor contigo y con tu proveedor indirecto a la vez</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-259">Invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with you and with your indirect provider at the same time</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-260">Selecciona **Proveedores indirectos** en el **menú Panel**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-260">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard menu**.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-261">Selecciona **Invitar a nuevos clientes** para invitar a un cliente a establecer una relación de revendedor contigo y con el proveedor indirecto a la vez.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-261">Select **Invite new customers** to invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with both you and the indirect provider at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-262">El proveedor debe tener una relación de revendedor con tu cliente para enviar pedidos en su nombre cuando dicho cliente desee comprar nuevas suscripciones o agregar nuevas licencias a las suscripciones existentes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-262">The provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customer so they can submit orders on your customer’s behalf when the customer wants to buy new subscriptions or add new licenses to existing subscriptions.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-263">En la siguiente página, revisa el borrador del mensaje de correo electrónico.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-263">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-264">Puedes abrir el borrador de mensaje de correo electrónico o puedes copiar el mensaje en el portapapeles y pegarlo en un correo electrónico.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-264">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-265">Puedes editar el texto del correo electrónico, pero asegúrate de incluir el vínculo, ya que se trata de un vínculo personalizado que vincula directamente al cliente con tu cuenta y con la cuenta del proveedor.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-265">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to both your account and your provider’s account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-266">Selecciona **Listo** cuando hayas completado este paso.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-266">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-267">After the customer authorizes you and your provider to be their resellers of record, you’ll have administrator permissions to manage their subscriptions, licenses, and users on their behalf, and your indirect provider will be able to submit orders on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-267">After the customer authorizes you and your provider to be their resellers of record, you’ll have administrator permissions to manage their subscriptions, licenses, and users on their behalf, and your indirect provider will be able to submit orders on their behalf.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="f14ae-268">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-268">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span></span>


## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="f14ae-269">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-269">Next steps</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-270">Manage your Partner Center account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-270">Manage your Partner Center account</span></span>](partner-center-account-setup.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-271">Administrar clientes y sus suscripciones</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-271">Manage customers and their subscriptions</span></span>](customer-accounts.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-272">Crear un perfil de marketing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-272">Create a marketing profile</span></span>](create-a-marketing-profile.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="f14ae-273">Obtener información sobre los incentivos de partner en el Centro de partners</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f14ae-273">Learn about partner incentives on Partner Center</span></span>](manage-your-incentives-in-partner-center.md)




